crazy Mike saps com checking out veggie
samurai HD by quantum squid interactive
two dollars and 99 cent in the iTunes
App Store this game is openfeint enabled
with leaderboards and achievements and
we're going to head off to a new game
samurai is harder with lives for
dropping fruit and poison to end the
game if you go that way your options are
down here harmony is much easier pure
slice into action with no penalties of
whatever no time limit don't hit that
that's the poison don't slice it you
want to slice veggies only you get extra
points for three slices and above at the
same time you'll see some of that going
forward here in a second I hope graphics
are stunning gameplay is addictive don't
slice the poison trust me that's the
kind of slicing you want double slicing
you want a slice is effectively and it's
productive as you can and don't worry it
gets a little more challenging rather
quickly the object is to see how long
you can survive and to get the highest
score course slice carefully around the
poison
and it reminds me of like the finale at
the fireworks wha-ha there you go we
want that for timer missed one trust me
if you get the poison of games instantly
over so missing ones not bad the poison
definitely does make a challenging miss
another one i'm heading down five slaves
combo nice you like that i almost got
the poison hold my slice back all right
i want to bore you with slicing this
game goes on forever that's it didn't go
on forever just then right there that's
crazy Mike with crazy Mike zapcic in out
veggie samurai HD two dollars 99 cent
well worth the value until next time see
you